The Root Directory
===================
First, if you haven't taken a look at [our dependencies](./Dependencies.md), we recommend taking a look at that first. This documentation is meant to serve as a starting point for understanding the layout of our application. After reading through this, the READMEs that are placed throughout the rest of the application should make sense.

We have quite a few files in our root directory, so this can help understand what all of these are for. Keep in mind that all the folders in this directory have their own READMEs, so we're just going to walk through the files.

#### .eslintignore
This file is to tell which kinds of files eslint should ignore. We ignore files that aren't javascript, and ignore vendor files, because we can't trust that code to match up with the styleguide we have built into eslint.

#### .eslintrc.js
This file just tells eslint what rules to apply to our javascript and how to react when these rules are broken.

#### .gitignore
This file tells Git which files we shouldn't consider as part of our code. We are mostly using this to ignore our node_modules and build folder, since we can create these on the fly, and we'd prefer to know we are using the newest versions of these. We can also ignore files that are auto-generated by operating systems.

#### .travis.yml
This file contains options that are used by Travis Continuous Integration in order to automatically run our tests when we make changes to our Github repository. This keeps track of whether our tests pass, and discourages merging code if those tests don't pass. You can see information about Crockpot tests by looking at [our project page](https://travis-ci.org/Blanket-Warriors/Crockpot) on Travis CI.

#### package.json
This is a file created by [NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/). It helps us manage dependencies, run our different application scripts (anything that starts with `npm run ...` is a custom script we've put in our package.json), and specify our `Babel` settings.
